feat: added new MCP server docs page (#5091)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/upsun/src/get-started/AI/using-the-mcp.md

```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in Windsurf</b></summary>

Add this to your Windsurf MCP config file. See [Windsurf MCP docs](https://docs.windsurf.com/windsurf/cascade/mcp) for more info.

#### Windsurf Remote Server Connection

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "upsun": {
      "serverUrl": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
      "headers": {
        "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
        "enable-write": "false"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in VS Code</b></summary>

Add this to your VS Code MCP config file. See [VS Code MCP docs](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/chat/mcp-servers) for more info.

#### VS Code Remote Server Connection

```json
"mcp": {
  "servers": {
    "upsun": {
      "type": "http",
      "url": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
      "headers": {
        "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
        "enable-write": "false"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>
<b>Install in Cline</b>
</summary>

You can easily configure the Upsun MCP server through Cline:

1. Open **Cline**.
2. Click the hamburger menu icon (☰) to enter the **MCP Servers** section.

> 3. Choose **Remote Servers** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the **Remote Servers** tab, click **Edit Configuration**.
```

4. Click the **Edit Configuration** button.
5. Add upsun to `mcpServers`:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "upsun": {
      "url": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
      "type": "streamableHttp",
      "headers": {
        "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
        "enable-write": "false"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in Zed</b></summary>

Add this to your Zed `settings.json`. See [Zed Context Server docs](https://zed.dev/docs/assistant/context-servers) for more info.

```json
{
  "context_servers": {

>     "Upsun": {

Reviewer: Is capitalized Upsun correct here? Asking bc "Install in Cline" uses "upsun"

      "settings": {
        "url": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
        "headers": {
          "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
        "enable-write": "false"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in Augment Code</b></summary>

To configure the Upsun MCP server in Augment Code:

**Manual Configuration**

> 1. Press Cmd/Ctrl Shift P or go to the hamburger menu in the Augment panel

Reviewer: Nitpick - can we add periods at the end of the bullets (for consistency across all the docs)?

}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in Opencode</b></summary>

Add this to your Opencode configuration file. See [Opencode MCP docs](https://opencode.ai/docs/mcp-servers) for more info.

#### Opencode Remote Server Connection

```json
"mcp": {
  "upsun": {
    "type": "remote",
    "url": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
    "headers": {
      "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
    "enable-write": "false"
    },
    "enabled": true
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in JetBrains AI Assistant</b></summary>

See [JetBrains AI Assistant Documentation](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/ai-assistant/configure-an-mcp-server.html) for more details.

1. In JetBrains IDEs, go to `Settings` -> `Tools` -> `AI Assistant` -> `Model Context Protocol (MCP)`
2. Click `+ Add`.
3. Click on `Command` in the top-left corner of the dialog and select the As JSON option from the list
4. Add this configuration and click `OK`

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "upsun": {
      "url": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
      "headers": {
        "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
        "enable-write": "false"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

5. Click `Apply` to save changes.

> 6. The same way upsun could be added for JetBrains Junie in `Settings` -> `Tools` -> `Junie` -> `MCP Settings`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Repeat these steps to add `upsun` for JetBrains Junie: Go to `Settings` -> `Tools` -> `Junie` -> `MCP Settings`.
```

3. Click on the Add custom MCP
4. Add the name and server configuration from below, and make sure to hit the Install button

```json
{
  "url": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
  "headers": {
    "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
    "enable-write": "false"
  }
}
```

Once the MCP server is added, you can easily continue using it.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in Qodo Gen</b></summary>

See [Qodo Gen docs](https://docs.qodo.ai/qodo-documentation/qodo-gen/qodo-gen-chat/agentic-mode/agentic-tools-mcps) for more details.

1. Open Qodo Gen chat panel in VSCode or IntelliJ.
2. Click Connect more tools.
3. Click + Add new MCP.
4. Add the following configuration:

#### Qodo Gen Remote Server Connection

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "upsun": {
      "url": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
      "headers": {
        "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
        "enable-write": "false"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in Perplexity Desktop</b></summary>

See [Local and Remote MCPs for Perplexity](https://www.perplexity.ai/help-center/en/articles/11502712-local-and-remote-mcps-for-perplexity) for more information.

> 1. Navigate `Perplexity` > `Settings`

Reviewer: Possible to make the style consistent with the other steps? eg "Navigate to `Perplexity` > `Settings`.  (full but short sentences, closing punctuation)

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in Qodo Gen</b></summary>

See [Qodo Gen docs](https://docs.qodo.ai/qodo-documentation/qodo-gen/qodo-gen-chat/agentic-mode/agentic-tools-mcps) for more details.

1. Open Qodo Gen chat panel in VSCode or IntelliJ.
2. Click Connect more tools.
3. Click + Add new MCP.
4. Add the following configuration:

#### Qodo Gen Remote Server Connection

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "upsun": {
      "url": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
      "headers": {
        "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
        "enable-write": "false"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Install in Perplexity Desktop</b></summary>

See [Local and Remote MCPs for Perplexity](https://www.perplexity.ai/help-center/en/articles/11502712-local-and-remote-mcps-for-perplexity) for more information.

1. Navigate `Perplexity` > `Settings`
2. Select `Connectors`.
3. Click `Add Connector`.
4. Select `Advanced`.
5. Enter Server Name: `Upsun`
6. Paste the following JSON in the text area:

```json
{
  "url": "https://mcp.upsun.com/mcp",
  "headers": {
    "upsun-api-token": "YOUR_API_TOKEN",
    "enable-write": "false"
  }
}
```

7. Click `Save`.
</details>

> ## Related content

Author: Oh this is actually the heading for the recommended content below! I've popped some links below in this section :)
